when you're thinking of your next grill
dish you're probably not thinking about
grilling lettuce but today I'm gonna
show you how to do a grilled chicken
salad it's gonna be awesome this is
next-level doing let's grow this
so real quick let's get to the chicken I
have a boneless and skinless chicken
breast we're going to drizzle a touch of
olive oil just over the top not much and
we're going to hit it with little bit of
salt and pepper that's good looking I'm
going to go down skin side down onto our
grill pan beautiful alright for our
croutons I have a nice French baguette
basically just going to take a serrated
knife and do thin long cuts like this
probably about an inch thick or so
there's a little touch of olive oil over
the top and I also have a little bit of
dehydrated thyme dried thyme this is
really a really aromatic spice and once
it hits the grill in the oil she's gonna
explode with aroma it's gonna make for a
really lovely crouton and then we're
gonna take these little bad boys and you
write down on the grill a lot of people
talk about you know one pot cooking this
is like one grill cooking everything's
gonna take place right on our grill look
at that so I'm talking about lighting is
nice high heat so our chickens facing
this way we're gonna turn it 90 degrees
to face the other direction to get that
beautiful cross mark so remember if it's
facing this way give it a few minutes
and then flip it this way it's pretty
easy almost every restaurant you go to
has a Caesar salad because they're
delicious
so I'm gonna show you how to make kind
of my spin on the classic Caesar
dressing
I'm gonna start with some mayonnaise I'm
gonna take a little bit of mayo take a
little bit of Dijon mustard
hey now touch a white wine vinegar we're
gonna add side a little touch of olive
oil let's add some Parmesan cheese now
this is one of those key ingredients you
gotta have Parmesan cheese and your
Caesar dressing okay so this part this
is kind of like the crux of Caesar salad
dressing you can make some fakes but if
you don't have pan chobe or anchovy
paste you're not really achieving the
original that's that's pretty prepotent
too won't me too much we're going to add
the juice of half of a lemon or the
other key ingredients of the original
recipe is raw egg which not a huge fan
you know I mean you can do it if you
want to and just can feel old smooth
we're gonna add some avocado for that
rich creamy texture that we want we're
going to cut it in half long ways just
like that I'm gonna put avocado right
into our blender and that is wicked easy
it's gonna be delicious
let's put our lid on
and give us that hmm I like it
all right and that is all finished all
right so I have a head of romaine
lettuce just gonna cut it right down the
center just really really beautiful you
can see all the different layers of the
lettuce leaves we take a little bit of
olive oil or drizzle right over the top
and now use your fingers to rub the flat
cut side because the oils gonna help us
get that beautiful char from the grill
that looks excellent
and go right down on the hot part of the
grill the same thing with our second one
you know I'm like every other guy I love
burgers chicken wings but I have a light
side too so chicken salad is fun we just
gotta grill the lettuce and then it's
cool check this out now we have this
excellent beautiful chard lettuce and
it's just awesome we're gonna put this
right down on our plate I'm gonna take
our chicken breasts excellent oh yeah
look at this just super juicy juicy
chicken ready to go right over the top
like this
there's have a little bag gap let's
slice it in half once I will do thirds
make little croutons out of it how easy
is that croutons at home who knew you
really smelled that the dried thyme
leaves really fantastic so we'll take
our croutons
put it right over the top put a few of
them around and then we have our
dressing and we're gonna go right with
oh my gosh excited you for this my last
little bit on a garnish with a little
bit of that grated Parmesan cheese now
that is a salad any do can feel proud
I'll be along mm-hmm and for SAP get it
one is croutons to
so go find the recipe below leave a
comment click the like button and be
sure to subscribe to hungry see you guys
next time